## Place in life at outset
She is in her early 20s, in college, studying medicine as an undergrad in
Columbus, Ohio.

She is a regular Korean evangelical church-goer, but her faith is much less
apparent Monday through Saturday

## Appearance 
She is Korean American.

Her appearance is plain, and she’s a little bit pudgy.

She’s often frumped out due to laziness and a busy schedule, but she cleans up
well enough.

## History and character development 
She first started to become obsessed with the concept of the fantasy hero when
she was young and started getting into anime and video games.

Her obsession was more than just enjoying the media, though… she held onto a
belief that someday she could and would have an actual fantastic experience like
her fictional heroes.

It took her until just recently to finally discard those notions and accept
“real life.”

Her motivations for studying medicine are as follows:
  * She is a hypochondriac and is deathly afraid of something being wrong with
    her body. It became exhausting and expensive to go see medical professionals
    constantly, so she decided to learn how to diagnose and treat herself.
  * She figures that being a doctor is the best way to realistically play out
    her savior fantasies. She actually can learn how to save people’s lives,
    after all.

There are also historical reasons for both her hypochondria and her
savior-obsession:
  * When she was about 11, her mother, who was fairly adventurous, took their
    family hiking in some mountains. Her father, who was a cautious — or even
    nervous — person, was worried about the risks and didn’t want to go, but his
    wife insisted. Her younger brother ended up in a hiking accident and almost
    died, although fortunately her mother, who was an EMT, saved his life with
    some timely first-aid.
  * After that, whenever her mother tried to make any ambitious plans for
    another adventure, her father would use the above incident as ammunition to
    shoot them down. They never really did any trips like it again.
  * Grace was influenced by this in that she admired her mother’s ability to
    save her brother, but also saw how her father’s fears had been actually
    realized.

Her father and mother never separated or anything, and they do relate over a lot
of things and statistically have a pretty good marriage. That said, the
aforementioned hiking incident kind of killed off a good chunk of their
relationship. Her mom feels tied down and not authorized to impart her
adventurousness to her children. Her father lives in perpetual worry because of
the way his wife takes risks, both professionally and whenever she gets the
chance to sneak out on an unplanned adventure with her kids.
  * Grace and her brother of course picked right up on this. For Grace, it made
    her want to build a better marriage, so she has very specific standards when
    it comes to men. She’s spent a lot of time thinking about that.
  * She also has both adventurous and nervous tendencies. In any given
    situation, the side that wins out is dependent on how much time she has to
    think about the risks. (So she may jump into a risky situation on the spur
    of the moment, but if she's had enough time to think about it, she probably
    won't.)

## Innate personality 
She’s smart, and retains information pretty well, but she struggles with
diligence, academically speaking. She really does have everything it takes to be
a decent doctor, but her grades suffer because of procrastination. She hates
this about herself... but then she buys a shiny new PC game and thinks, "Well,
I'll focus better after I beat this."

She has many ambitions and many hobbies, but is a lot better at starting
projects than finishing them.

Unlike either of her parents, who have been stuck in the lower-middle-class
forever, she is actually very good with money. She is frugal almost to a fault,
and has built up impressive savings for someone her age, despite paying for
college largely on her own. This is how she was able to finance her eventual
quest to find the B-team.

She is obsessive, so when she’s a fan of something, she’s a *big* fan. She will
spend an amazing amount of time researching about and investing in her fandoms.
This is integral to her eventual success at finding the B-Team.

She is very dissatisfied with “real” life, (hence the Isekai fixation). The
B-Team and their world is only the first part of how we see this play out. When
she finds out about her angel, and the vastness of the spiritual realm, she
almost completely neglects everything mundane (including her family, and even
the B-Team itself eventually). Unfortunately, this does not mean she becomes
fixated on the Lord himself, but rather merely the “otherness” of the fullness
of his creation.

She is sensitive and has a good sense of how other people feel, so she’s
basically amiable and easy to like. However, she often struggles to care about
or do anything out of her way to actually address the negative feelings she
senses in other people.
