## Style
(Most of?) the book will be written in iambic hexameter couplets, also known as
"heroic couplets." This takes after the style of Alexander Pope (translating
Homer) and John Dryden (translating Virgil). My goal is to resurrect classical
epic poetry for our current cultural milieu, in a way that is aesthetically
pleasing and accessible enough for the mainstream.

This is not just a gimmick, I hope, but serves a more immediate purpose for the
narrative. The portions in verse are written from a heavenly, angelic
perspective (see below), and the poetic format is intended to evoke that
transcendence.

I should be able to achieve an earthly counterpoint to this by dropping into
prose when the perspective shifts to that of a mortal human. Hopefully this will
be evocative enough to reinforce the other narrative goals of the text.

## Perspective
The portions of the book that are written in verse, are from perspective of
Grace's guardian angel. We get a very intimate third-person view of Grace, with
impossible levels of detail. The angel can see things as minute as Grace's heart
rate, body temperature, and the subtlest body language. We also sometimes have
"educated guessing" about what she's thinking.

I think it may be important to make sure that we don't ever use definitive
statements about what she's thinking, though. I don't think we want an
unreliable narrator.

When this story was going to be told in game format, I had the player thinking
that they were actually playing as Grace, but then turn the tables when it's
revealed that the player is actually her angel that has been guiding her. The
twist is meaningful because the angel doesn't even realize it is a separate
entity until that point.

In book format, though, I think we should still use third-person pronouns for
Grace. Doing otherwise might seem *too* jarring, and make the narrator
unreliable.
