## Name 
“Hyav” comes from the semitic root ḥyw, from which the biblical Eve derives her
name (“Havah” or “Hawwah”). It means “life,” i.e. "Mother of all the Living" for
the biblical Eve.

## Origin
Floodless world, near the capital

## Place in life at outset
She is the bodyguard of Tsadq (Zack), the chief pontiff of her people’s
religion.

She is enjoys a high degree of popular favor due to her amazing super-soldier
abilities, having successfully defended the pontiff from every assassination
attempt to date. (This is an unprecedented feat. Almost every recent pontiff has
either been assassinated or resigned out of fear of a plot. Eve is thus directly
responsible for a great improvement in the political stability of the realm.)

She is mute. No one knows exactly why, but her brain does show some
physiological abnormalities.

She is 295 years old (born on the same day as Zack)

She is also married to Zack, the chief pontiff, who is also her third cousin.

## Appearance
Due to her extreme enhancements and training, she is abnormally muscular.

She makes every effort to accentuate her physical strength through her dress and
bearing. (This is typical behavior for warriors in their culture.)

Due to the stress of Zack’s recent climb towards monarchical power, she has
spent less time training recently. Nevertheless, her genetic, cybernetic, and
nanotech enhancements maintain much of her body’s strength and fitness. She
wears her full battle suit constantly whenever leaving their fortress.

Though at her age she should look to be in her late 30s or early 40s, she has
had countless medical anti-aging procedures. (These only became available
recently). It has mostly worked, but there are still some lines she can’t quite
erase without looking fake.

## History and character development
She and Zack have known each other since childhood, due to their close kinship
and the extreme regard for familial relationships in their culture.

She was still young when she realized how great Zack’s potential for success
was. Despite not being terribly analytical, she had a strong sense of intuition
that told her that, if she could make herself an essential part of his life, she
would benefit herself greatly.

So even as a child, she made sure she spent as much time with him as possible,
and paid very close attention to his likes and dislikes. She endeavored to adapt
herself to become exactly what he wanted and needed: mentally and physically;
socially and pragmatically. Because of his idealism and tendency to optimize his
life, she knew that if she could simply make herself the most optimal choice for
his wife, then her victory would be assured.

Being mute, she was an excellent listener, and Zack always loved to ramble to
her about whatever he was learning or improving about himself. To him, her
constant, persistent, intentional, and undivided attention was soothing and
addictive. Speaking to her has always been natural and vital to him as
breathing.

Her ability to communicate improved along with technology, and she always
mastered whatever text-to-speech software was currently best. By the time our
story starts, she can “speak” with an almost-natural-sounding computer voice by
flitting her fingers as input, as though typing on an invisible keyboard.

As pontiffs started being assassinated one after another, she could see Zack's
paranoia kick in to full gear as he strove towards becoming a candidate. Much of
his time was spent researching self-defense methods and cutting-edge technology,
so naturally she began to make herself the best possible defense for him. She
underwent experimental super-soldier enhancements and training, integrating
every means of increasing her strength that was available to her (no matter how
dangerous or unproven or illegal.) Miraculously, almost every enhancement
succeeded brilliantly, and she eventually became regarded as the strongest and
deadliest single individual on the planet.

Her efforts paid off (see Zack’s doc).

After Zack took office, her public popularity and influence in his cabinet
skyrocketed with every thwarted assassination attempt. She became a pop-culture
icon with an avid fan following.

The high-profile nature of her successful enhancements also catalyzed the
deregulation and advancement of transhuman enhancements globally. The
assassination attempts had died out for a while, but began to increase again as
more people gained access to the same technologies she had. But between
unlimited funding, a team of the country’s best people, superior intel, her
ever-sharpening experience, and a genius for personal defense that flowed from
her instinctive nature, no one could best her. Zack was all too pleased.

She prioritized her capacity as a bodyguard over her capacity to be a mother.
Pontiffs have traditionally been celibate, and Zack broke sharply with tradition
by taking a wife. (See his doc for why he did this.) Pontiffs were not expected
to have children and were canonically forbidden from appointing heirs to their
position. Thus, childbearing was far from desirable for Eve. Despite the
cultural and dogmatic taboo on the procedure, she had herself sterilized.
Publicly they said that they were simply not successful at having children, and
she was assumed to be naturally barren.

## Innate personality
She is acutely empathetic and circumspect. She has spent far more time listening
than expressing (because of her muteness), but this is only one cause of this
trait. She is also more outwardly-focused by nature, and has little in the way
of personality traits that are distinctively her own. Her personality is mostly
made to match what she perceives others (chiefly, Zack) want from her.

But there are some insuppressible quirks that are definitively hers:
  * Her sense of humor is subtle, but mischievous. This is the only way in which
    she actively and intentionally flusters other people, rather than trying to
    please them. She hasn’t been able to talk until recently (and even now,
    talks only rarely), so this usually manifests in either practical jokes or
    ornery body language.
  * But she usually knows when those actions will ultimately improve or damage
    her relationships, so she uses them judiciously (never at the expense of
    endearing herself in the long run).
  * If she misjudges and plays a prank that only serves to be aggravating (or
    behaves impishly when sobriety is called for), she gets sulky. She rarely
    apologizes until roughly 6 hours have elapsed. Her apologies are always
    handwritten, anonymous, and delivered covertly.

Finally, everything she does is 100% self-motivated. The people-pleasing is all
about improving her standing, influence, or self-satisfaction. She is devoid of
any shred of altruistic or charitable feeling.
  * She is by no means of a logical disposition, and so cannot be considered
    “calculating” with her actions. Rather than planning and manipulating, she
    more or less intuits how best to modify herself to maximize her public
    esteem.
  * But the targets of her attention and service are carefully selected based on
    the degree to which she thinks they can elevate her. Once she decided that
    Zack was her best shot, she spent very little time or energy trying to
    please anyone else.
